Hello, freak bitches. Well,
we were talking about everybody that like came up in the sixties, the seventies,
the eighties, the nineties, everyone before social media,
the wild lives that they led. You can't do that anymore.
I can't do it. And what this comes as you came for all, y'all just tuning in.
We was talking about like, you know, Chris brown,
I'll see Chris brown he'll come at my house and he'll he'll,
he'll just sit there and go like, what the? You know? And I said, listen,
you're just too talented for, for one cats. Like him and Justin Bieber,
who've been, who've been blessed with extra. They look good.
They can fight. They they're athletic and they sing.
They can dance dance. The first time I met Chris brown, this is crazy.
I'm throwing a party in Miami and it's me and Collin Farrow, Eddie Murray,
you know, Eddie Murphy. If he was still in it, this year's back to 2005,
maybe I think. Yeah, 2005. And uh,
so I'm hosting a party where in Miami, the crowd's going crazy,
but in the down, like not in the VIP is some kids dancing. I'm like,
who the is that? And they dance and all this. And so my DJ DJ area, he goes,
yo man, that's a new kid, Chris brown, yo, he bout to be the next one. I said,
yeah, but he think he can dance. Cause you know, I, not that I gonna him up.
You know what I'm saying? This young lumber going to know who I am.
I come down and him up. And it was like Fox. Okay. So I go down now, now,
you know, it's sort of my time. And so everybody's following me.
I'm about to go battle whoever this kid is. So I said, yeah bro,
you think you can dance? Huh? I did like some kind of.
Like listen to me, we're all,
we're all jammed together. Right? He doesn't do a move. You know what he does?
He does a back flip, but the way he did the back flip and he's six,
two, he standing in the middle of the crowd. He jumped over the crowd,
did the back, flip up here and came straight down and said, what's up? I said,
I'm going to leave you the blind.
I don't know what the that that's some Avenger. And I just remember going,
I said that dude, when he get on and then, you know, he gets on,
but then social media catches on and then it's just hard. It's hard. It's hard.
It's hard to live. Uh, when you live,
when your social media and I tell them all the time you have to social media
sorta makes you color inside the lines or try to,
or try to yeah. Or, or like this,
it makes you tuck your artistry in sometimes a little bit.
Does that make sense to you? Crazy and Tucky crazy.
And you tuck your artistry and like, I didn't know what a mean wasn't, you know,
um, you know, I'm gonna, I was just catching on the mindspace and,
shifted.
So my daughter sends me a picture of Rihanna, right.
Going to the met ball. And by the time I got the picture, whatever happened,
the picture was Rihanna and in his yellow dress and I hit my daughter.
I said, I love the dress is amazing.
I don't understand the pizza that's in it. But man, you know, maybe that's,
uh, you know,
she's giving a nod to Italy and where maybe she got the dress for me.
She's like, no, dad, that's a meme. I said, what? That's a meme. I said,
what do you mean? She says, no, there's actually not a pizza in the dress.
Somebody crafted or fixed there.
It made it look like it's pizza because oh, cause it's trailing behind her.
And so me I'm thinking, well, what the is it mean? This is not that,
that's what I said.
So this girl worked her whole night to get this dress,
to go to the met ball, which is you're supposed to be, you know,
out the box and somebody puts a pizza on it. And that's all you say is a pizza.
I said, how do you compete with that? How,
how could you be Michael Jordan and kids run up to you and say,
you're the cry baby face. You cry, man.
They're going to cry, man. It doesn't matter.
The best thing on the internet.
It's one of the best things about the internet is people being able to make
funny.
Yes thing, but watch this. So it, once it sticks, that's what I'm saying.
Once you stick,
I mean Michael Jordan to somebody under the age of 18, he the cry baby face.
Amen. Amen. And then you know how, uh, you know how fans do it, man?
Cry right quick. God. Yeah.
Let me get you cry. It's so true.
Yeah. Yeah man. It's tough. Well,
we were talking about John Jones and how John Jones is fighting this weekend.
Jon Jones is a wild.
That's why he's the greatest light heavyweight of all time,
because he's so it's part of.
You have to have it. We was talking about being with Mike Tyson,
Mike Tyson, back in the day. You couldn't, that's why when people say like,
why does Mike Tyson? He, first of all, he's a fighter. He's not a tennis player,
but Mike was a wow boy. And to hang out with him,
you could understand like he was the biggest person on the planet
and he had the demons, you know what I'm saying? And, but he's fun too,
because cause you see him in a club and he sees, he sees some girls, hi,
how are you doing? He like BMW. What do you like?
BMW like cars like BMW and crazy.
He'd take the girls out and go get a BMW. I mean, he was that crazy.
You know what I'm saying? Just to him, come on, come on.
Let's look at the beer and we'll open up the BMW dealership, but he was wild.
But I say just like, how we saying off here,
you can't have that type of talent in that
area and not have that. John John Jones camp, you can't,
you can't drink milk and, and almost kill somebody. You know what I'm saying?
You can't let me get that homogenized about to go. No you can't. Yeah.
That'd be something about you. That's out Tata control, impulsive, wild,
dangerous. And that's what makes him so great.
Hey buddy, you even talked about, you look at the people on your wall.
You look at Hendricks, you look at Elvis,
they have to have something because that's God let us,
God's going to give you something incredible.
But he's also going to give you something to anchor that because I believe this
is what I believe in. And you tell me if you believe this,
I believe in the yin and the yang of everything.
Meaning like when there's absolute light,
that has to be absolute darkness to balance it out. And that's what,
everything that we do, it's sort of like,
we're not going to get away with anything,
like anything that happens to you in life. You have to pay for it. Like I,
I it's like the grocery store. Okay. I got the career. Boom. Gotta pay for that.
Okay. I got the money. Boop. Okay. I gotta pay for that.
Then he'll come the family. Boom. Yeah. I need that money. Yeah. You, you, you.
When I'm going, I'm going, I'm a real release a story about you.
So it's all of these different things that you got to pay for.
And that's why you see these guys like that. Cause you know, like I said,
talking to Justin Bieber, you know everything. I said,
some of this is supposed to happen to you.
It has to.
He can't otherwise the thing of the success that kids had at 20 years old,
it's impossible. I was just reading some about him canceling his tour.
Cause he just said too much work. I mean, he's just going crazy I guess.
But he's made $93 million this year.
Like Jesus Christ 20.
And for us we like. Cause you know, I ain't 20.
I'm going to take that 90 million. I'm going to go do a million,
but we can't be in his mind and we can see how it is. He grew up that way. He.
Grew up that way. Never.
Had a normal life. And you don't expect like, I, I like,
I always tell kids who want to be in this business to please wait.
Like even when my kids just wait, wait until you like,
wait till you get an understand. Like I was able to be grown and,
and have some grown happen to me and just regular life should happen.
So then when this happened,
I still have a point of reference to get back to because you know,
like I know you've interviewed everybody.
This business affects you in such a way where you'll see one person one day,
I won't say the comedian's name,
but I remember a comedian back in the day did like half of an HBO, whatever.
And then the next week I saw him,
he had 12 bodyguards and they were pushing me back. I was like,
what the man? Yo man, yo now, right now just getting crazy. He got crazy, crazy.
They get crazy because, and I've seen,
I won't say the names would have been a couple of guys.
I never get this one dude hit.
And I want him to try to say something to him.
And for some reason he had a white suit on, we want a club.
Why the does he have this white suit on? And these big shades.
And I went to talk to him and he said, not right now, man, I'm rich. He said,
that's why they got rich.
Let me be rich and famous right now.
I don't want to hear your pitch because I was going to pitch him something.
I said, man, you think you could get away. And I was like, and as he said it,
I had to sort of like, okay, get up. But that's, you know,
that's what happens when you got.
Be careful that tide goes in and it goes out and people come up and they
remember, they remember, they remember when you with them and we've.
Seen, and we've seen him. We've seen him, but, but being a comedian, we get,
we get a chance to sit in a different seat because we sorta are,
our jobs are, or our observational. You know what I'm saying?
We still all have our own demons, but it's,
it's just different when you see it humbled.
As a comedian. Yeah. You got to get those jokes.
You're performing in front of a live audience. It's all live.
It's got to work and it doesn't work.
You got to go back to the drawing board has.
Got assess.
Actors. Don't get a lot of that.
That's one of the reasons why they're kind of shaky more shaky. Right?
Don't get a lot of like that.
Testing it live in front of people that humility that comes with that.
And, and it's, and it's tough.
I was talking to her act another actor and it's tough. Cause see,
I'm a comic who became an actor. So I'm cheating. You know what I'm saying?
I can go do this and I can go. I'm going to be, I'm going to be in St.
Louis tomorrow, you know, some jokes so I can, you know, I gotta,
I can get my thing off, but just actors, it's tough.